---
layout: page
title: "Tao #10 -- Living Oneness"
subheadline: "Be childlike with a beginners mind"
meta_teaser: "acting without expectations."
teaser: "Coax your mind from its wandering"
header:
    image_fullwidth: crop-ales-krivec-192941.jpg
    caption: TAO Series
    caption_url: 
categories:
    - Tao
    - Life
    - blog
---
<!--more-->

<div class="row">
<div class="medium-4 medium-push-8 columns" markdown="1">
<div class="panel radius" markdown="1">
**Table of Contents**
{: #toc }
*  TOC
{:toc}
</div>
</div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->



<div class="medium-8 medium-pull-4 columns" markdown="1">

## Tao Te Ching #10
> Can you coax your mind from its wandering
and keep to the original oneness?

> Can you let your body become
supple as a newborn child's?

> Can you cleanse your inner vision
until you see nothing but the light?

> Can you love people and lead them
without imposing your will?

> Can you deal with the most vital matters
by letting events take their course?

> Can you step back from you own mind
and thus understand all things?

> Giving birth and nourishing,
having without possessing,
acting with no expectations,
leading and not trying to control:
this is the supreme virtue.

> Curing body and soul and embracing the one, can you avoid separation? 
Can let you let your body become as supple as a newborn child's? In the opening and shutting of Heaven's Gate, can you play the feminine part? 

> Can you love your people and govern your domain without self-importance? 
Giving birth and nourishing, having, yet not possessing, working, yet not taking credit, leading without controlling or dominating.

> One who heeds this power brings the Tao to this very earth. This is the primal virtue.


### Practicing the Tao - today:

- Feel the invisible energy and search inward!


> Why was the man at the cookout so happy? -- He met the grill of his dreams!


