---
layout: page
title: "Tao #22 -- Living With Flexibility"
subheadline: "be flexible as the giant palm tree"
meta_teaser: "Resilince and elasticity"
teaser: "There is no need for conflict; That is no longer in my circle of concern."
header:
    image_fullwidth: crop-biel-morro-128512.jpg
    caption: TAO Series
    caption_url: 
categories:
    - Tao
    - Life
    - blog
---
<!--more-->

<div class="row">
<div class="medium-4 medium-push-8 columns" markdown="1">
<div class="panel radius" markdown="1">
**Table of Contents**
{: #toc }
*  TOC
{:toc}
</div>
</div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->



<div class="medium-8 medium-pull-4 columns" markdown="1">


### TAO 22:

- If you want to become whole,
- let yourself be partial.
- If you want to become straight,
- let yourself be crooked.
- If you want to become full,
- let yourself be empty.
- If you want to be reborn,
- let yourself die.
- If you want to be given everything,
- give everything up.

> The Master, by residing in the Tao,
sets an example for all beings.
Because he doesn't display himself,
people can see his light.
Because he has nothing to prove,
people can trust his words.
Because he doesn't know who he is,
people recognize themselves in him.
Because he has no goal in mind,
everything he does succeeds.

> When the ancient Masters said,
"If you want to be given everything, give everything up,"
they weren't using empty phrases.
Only in being lived by the Tao can you be truly yourself.

> The flexible are preserved unbroken. The bent become straight. The empty are filled. The exhausted become renewed. The poor are enriched. The rich are confounded.



> Therefore the sage and braces the one. Because he doesn't display himself, people can see his light. Because he has nothing to prove, people can trust his words. Because he doesn't know who he is, people recognize themselves in him. Because he has no goal in mind, everything he does succeeds. 



> The old saying that the flexible are preserved unbroken is surely right! 
If you have truly attained wholeness, everything will flock to you.


### Practicing the Tao - today:


> Change the way you see the storms in your life
<cite> Wayne W. Dyer</cite>

- I've never considered that perspective before; thank you for sharing that idea with me.
- What others think of me is none of my business.



> What is the difference between a hippo and a zippo? -- One is very heavy the other is a little lighter!


