---
layout: page
title: "Tao #28 Living Virtuously"
subheadline: "Maintain your original self"
meta_teaser: "Be authentic"
teaser: "giggle"
header:
    image_fullwidth: crop-beth-solano-313663.jpg
    caption: TAO Series
    caption_url: 
categories:
    - Tao
    - Life
    - blog
---
<!--more-->

<div class="row">
<div class="medium-4 medium-push-8 columns" markdown="1">
<div class="panel radius" markdown="1">
**Table of Contents**
{: #toc }
*  TOC
{:toc}
</div>
</div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->



<div class="medium-8 medium-pull-4 columns" markdown="1">


### TAO 28:

Tao 28

- Know the male,
- yet keep to the female:
- receive the world in your arms.
- If you receive the world,
- the Tao will never leave you
- and you will be like a little child.

- Know the white,
- yet keep to the black:
- be a pattern for the world.
- If you are a pattern for the world,
- the Tao will be strong inside you
- and there will be nothing you can't do.

- Know the personal,
- yet keep to the impersonal:
- accept the world as it is.
- If you accept the world,
- the Tao will be luminous inside you
- and you will return to your primal self.

- The world is formed from the void,
- like utensils from a block of wood.
- The Master knows the utensils,
- yet keeps to the the block:
- thus she can use all things.


> A knower of the truth travels without leaving a trace, speaks without causing harm, gives without keeping an account. The door he shots, though having no lock, cannot be opened. The not heat eyes, though using no court, cannot be undone.



> Be wise and help all beings in partially , abandoning none. Waste no opportunities. This is called following the light.



> What is a good man but a bad man's teacher? What is a bad man but a good man's job? If the teacher is not respected and the student not cared for, confusion will arise, however clever one is. This is the great Secret.

### Practicing the Tao - today:

> Play rather than work, even while you're at your job! Giggle rather than maintaining a solemn air. Be in awe for a moment or two.
<cite>Wayne Dyer</cite>


> Why did the golfers get kicked out of the library? -- Their pants were to loud!
