---
layout: page
title: "Tao #25 Living from Greatness"
subheadline: "Something formless and perfect"
meta_teaser: "Pure timeless energy"
teaser: "Keep your thoughts consistent with this energy"
header:
    image_fullwidth: crop-anders-jilden-307322.jpg
    caption: TAO Series
    caption_url: 
categories:
    - Tao
    - Life
    - blog
---
<!--more-->

<div class="row">
<div class="medium-4 medium-push-8 columns" markdown="1">
<div class="panel radius" markdown="1">
**Table of Contents**
{: #toc }
*  TOC
{:toc}
</div>
</div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->



<div class="medium-8 medium-pull-4 columns" markdown="1">


### TAO 25:

TAO 25:


- There was something formless and perfect
- before the universe was born.
- It is serene. Empty.
- Solitary. Unchanging.
- Infinite. Eternally present.
- It is the mother of the universe.
- For lack of a better name,
- I call it the Tao.

- It flows through all things,
- inside and outside, and returns
- to the origin of all things.

- The Tao is great.
- The universe is great.
- Earth is great.
- Man is great.
- These are the four great powers.

- Man follows the earth.
- Earth follows the universe.
- The universe follows the Tao.
- The Tao follows only itself.

> There was something formless and perfect before the universe was born.
The universe follows the Tao. The Tao follows only itself. 

> There was something formless and perfect before the universe was born. It is Serene. Empty. Solitairy. Unchanging. Infinite. Eternally present. It is the mother of the universe. For lack of a better name, I call it the Tao. 
I call it great. Great is boundless, boundless is eternally flowing, ever-flowing, it is constantly returning.

> Therefore, the way is great, Heaven is great, Earth is great, people are great. 


> Thus, to know Humanity, understand Earth. To know Earth, understand heaven. To know Heaven, understand the way. To know the way, understand the great within yourself.

### Practicing the Tao - today:

> I must be like what I came from. I will never abandon my belief in my greatness and the greatness of others.
<cite>Wayne Dyer</cite>


> Why would Rafial Nadal make a terrible waiter? -- He takes too long to serve!


