---
layout: page
title: "Tao #29 Living by Natural Law"
subheadline: "Natural law is unaffected by the ego"
meta_teaser: "Tune into the raptuous feeling of amazement"
teaser: "harmony"
header:
    image_fullwidth: crop-mahkeo-222765.jpg
    caption: TAO Series
    caption_url: 
categories:
    - Tao
    - Life
    - blog
---
<!--more-->

<div class="row">
<div class="medium-4 medium-push-8 columns" markdown="1">
<div class="panel radius" markdown="1">
**Table of Contents**
{: #toc }
*  TOC
{:toc}
</div>
</div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->



<div class="medium-8 medium-pull-4 columns" markdown="1">


### TAO 29:

Tao 29

- Do you want to improve the world?
- I don't think it can be done.
 
- The world is sacred.
- It can't be improved.
- If you tamper with it, you'll ruin it.
- If you treat it like an object, you'll lose it.

- There is a time for being ahead,
- a time for being behind;
- a time for being in motion,
- a time for being at rest;
- a time for being vigorous,
- a time for being exhausted;
- a time for being safe,
- a time for being in danger.

- The Master sees things as they are,
- without trying to control them.
- She lets them go their own way,
- and resides at the center of the circle.


> Do you think you can take over the universe and improve it? I do not believe it can be done.

Everything under the heaven is a sacred vessel and cannot be controlled. Trying to control leads to ruin. Trying to grasp, we lose.

Allow your life to unfold naturally . know that it is a vessel of perfection. Just as you breathe in and breathe out, there is a time for being ahead and a time for being behind, a time for being in motion at a time for being at rest, a time for being vigorous and a time for being exhausted, a time for being safe and a time for being in Danger.

>To the sage all of life is a movement toward Perfection, so what need has he for the excessive, the extravagant, or the extreme?



### Practicing the Tao - today:

> Give up the need to control. Observe that there is a time for eveything!
<cite>Wayne Dyer</cite>


> I wrote a song about a tortilla. --- Actually it's more of a wrap! :-)
