---
layout: page
title: "Tao #9 -- Living Humility"
subheadline: "Do the deed and step down"
meta_teaser: "The sun rises everyday without the need for thanks."
teaser: "The Tao and water are synonymous"
header:
    image_fullwidth: ales-krivec-192941.jpg
    caption: TAO Series
    caption_url: 
categories:
    - Tao
    - Life
    - blog
---
<!--more-->

<div class="row">
<div class="medium-4 medium-push-8 columns" markdown="1">
<div class="panel radius" markdown="1">
**Table of Contents**
{: #toc }
*  TOC
{:toc}
</div>
</div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->



<div class="medium-8 medium-pull-4 columns" markdown="1">

> Fill your bowl to the brim
and it will spill.
Keep sharpening your knife
and it will blunt.
Chase after money and security
and your heart will never unclench.
Care about people's approval
and you will be their prisoner.

> Do your work, then step back.
The only path to serenity.
fill your bowl to the brim and it will spill
keep sharpening your knives and they become blunt
chase after money and security and your heart will never unclench
care about peoples approval and you will be their prisoner
do your work then step back
the only path to serenity

> To keep on feeling is not as good as stopping. Overfilled, the cupped hands drip, better to stop pouring. Sharpen a blade too much and its edge will soon be lost. Fill your house with Jade and gold and it brings insecurity. Puff yourself with honor and pride and no one can save you from a fall. Retire when the work is done this is the way of heaven.

## CHAPTER 78:
> Nothing in the world is as soft and yielding as water.
Yet for dissolving the hard and inflexible, nothing can surpass it.
True words seem paradoxical.

## CHAPTER 79:
Failure is an opportunity. If you blame someone else,
there is no end to the blame.

## CHAPTER 80:
If a country is governed wisely, its inhabitants will be content.

## CHAPTER 81:
> True words aren't eloquent; eloquent words aren't true.
Wise men don't need to prove their point; men who need to prove their point aren't wise.
The Tao nourishes by not forcing. By not dominating, the Master leads. 

### Practicing the Tao - today:

- Eat until satisied today


> What do you do with a sick chemist? If you can't Curium and you can't Helium; you might as well Berium.


> Helium is a chemical element with symbol He and atomic number 2. It is a colorless, odorless, tasteless, non-toxic, inert, monatomic gas, the first in the noble gas group in the periodic table. Its boiling point is the lowest among all the elements.
