---
layout: page
title: "Tao #8 -- Living in the Flow"
subheadline: "Living with Humility"
meta_teaser: "Humility and self esteem are equal"
teaser: "The Tao and water are synonymous"
header:
    image_fullwidth: stefan-stefancik-105374.jpg
    caption: TAO Series
    caption_url: 
categories:
    - Tao
    - Life
    - blog
---
<!--more-->

<div class="row">
<div class="medium-4 medium-push-8 columns" markdown="1">
<div class="panel radius" markdown="1">
**Table of Contents**
{: #toc }
*  TOC
{:toc}
</div>
</div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->



<div class="medium-8 medium-pull-4 columns" markdown="1">

## Tao Te Ching #8

> The supreme good is like water,
which nourishes all things without trying to.
It is content with the low places that people disdain.
Thus it is like the Tao.

> In dwelling, live close to the ground.
In thinking, keep to the simple.
In conflict, be fair and generous.
In governing, don't try to control.
In work, do what you enjoy.
In family life, be completely present.

> When you are content to be simply yourself
and don't compare or compete,
everybody will respect you.

> Supreme good is like water, which nurishes all things without trying to. It flows to low places loathed by all men. Therefore, it is like the Tao.

> Live in accordance with the nature of things. In dwelling, be close to the land. And in meditation, go deep into the heart. In dealing with others, be gentle and kind. Stand by your word. Govern with equity. Be timely in choosing the right moment.

> One who lives in accordance with nature does not go against the way of things. He moves in harmony with the present moment, always knowing the truth of just what to do.


### Practicing the Tao - today:

- Drink water silenty today.
- Contemplate its greatness.
- Trust in the divine plan.
- Ask; how may I serve?


> Why was the Miami Dolphin called for unsportsman like conduct? He tripped a player on porpoise!
