---
layout: page
title: "Tao #18 -- Living without rules"
subheadline: "People are inherently kind and generous"
meta_teaser: "live from your heart"
teaser: "In a world of unlimited joy, kindness and abundance"
header:
    image_fullwidth: crop-tim-bogdanov-99040.jpg
    caption: TAO Series
    caption_url: 
categories:
    - Tao
    - Life
    - blog
---
<!--more-->

<div class="row">
<div class="medium-4 medium-push-8 columns" markdown="1">
<div class="panel radius" markdown="1">
**Table of Contents**
{: #toc }
*  TOC
{:toc}
</div>
</div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->



<div class="medium-8 medium-pull-4 columns" markdown="1">


### TAO 18

Tao Te Ching #18

- When the great Tao is forgotten,
- goodness and piety appear.
- When the body's intelligence declines,
- cleverness and knowledge step forth.
- When there is no peace in the family,
- filial piety begins.
- When the country falls into chaos,
- patriotism is born.

> When the greatness of the Tao is present, action arise from one's own heart. When the greatness of the Tao is absent, action comes from the rules of "kindness and justice".  If you need rules to be kind and just, if you "act" virtuous, this is a sure sign that virtue is absent. thus we see the great hypocrisy. 

> When kinship falls into discord, piety and rights of devotion arise. When the country falls into chaos, official loyalist will appear, patriotism is born.


## TAO #38

- The Master doesn't try to be powerful;
- thus he is truly powerful.
- The ordinary man keeps reaching for power;
- thus he never has enough.

- The Master does nothing,
- yet he leaves nothing undone.
- The ordinary man is always doing things,
- yet many more are left to be done.

- The kind man does something,
- yet something remains undone.
- The just man does something,
- and leaves many things to be done.
- The moral man does something,
- and when no one responds
- he rolls up his sleeves and uses force.

- When the Tao is lost, there is goodness.
- When goodness is lost, there is morality.
- When morality is lost, there is ritual.
- Ritual is the husk of true faith,
- the beginning of chaos.

- Therefore the Master concerns himself
- with the depths and not the surface,
- with the fruit and not the flower.
- He has no will of his own.
- He dwells in reality,
- and lets all illusions go.

### Practicing the Tao - today:

> Everyone is God speaking.  -- Why be polite and Listen to him.
<cite>Sufi Poet: Hafiz</cite>

- Don't "act" virtuous; be virtue.
- Follow Mother Teresa's actions.


> What does Spring sound like? -- Boing!!

