---
layout: page
title: "Tao #26 Living Calmly"
subheadline: "Calm Confdence "
meta_teaser: "Have discipline in everything you do"
teaser: "May you be happy and free from suffering; always."
header:
    image_fullwidth: crop-austin-neill-184257.jpg
    caption: TAO Series
    caption_url: 
categories:
    - Tao
    - Life
    - blog
---
<!--more-->

<div class="row">
<div class="medium-4 medium-push-8 columns" markdown="1">
<div class="panel radius" markdown="1">
**Table of Contents**
{: #toc }
*  TOC
{:toc}
</div>
</div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->



<div class="medium-8 medium-pull-4 columns" markdown="1">


### TAO 26:

- The heavy is the root of the light. 
- The unmoved is the source of all movement. 
- Thus the Master travels all day without leaving home. 
- However splendid the views, she stays serenely in herself. 
- Why should the lord of the country flit about like a fool? 
- If you let yourself be blown to and fro, you lose touch with your root. 
- If you let restlessness move you, you lose touch with who you are. 

> If you let restlessness move you, you lose touch with who you are. 

> The heavy is the root of the light. Still is the master of unrest.

> Realizing this, the successful person is poised and centered in the midst of all activities, although surrounded by opulence, he is not swayed. 

> Why should the lord of the country flit around like a fool? If you let yourself be blown to and fro, you lose touch with your period to be restless is to lose one's self-mastery.

### Practicing the Tao - today:

> Maintain a sense of serenity; no matter what is going on around you. You have a choice! Choose inner tranquility over confusion. I forgive you and I surround you with love and light and I do the same for myself.
<cite>Wayne Dyer</cite>

> May you be happy and free from suffering; always.
<cite>Buddha</cite>


> What did the cat on the smart phone say? - Can you hear meow!


- If I Could Just Get Organized

- There may be nothing wrong with you,

- The way you live, the work you do,

- But I can very plainly see,

- Exactly what is wrong with me.

- It isn’t that I’m indolent;

- I work as hard as anyone,

- And yet I get so little done,

- The morning goes, the noon is here,

- Before I know, the night is near,

- And all around me, I regret,

- Are things I haven’t finished yet.

- If I could just get organized!

- I oftentimes have realized

- Not all that matters is the man;

- The man must also have a plan.

- With you, there may be nothing wrong,

- But here’s my trouble right along;

- I do the things that don’t amount

- To very much, of no account,

- That really seem important though

- And let a lot of matters go.

- I nibble this, I nibble that,

- But never finish what I’m at.
 
- I work as hard as anyone,

- And yet, I get so little done,

- I’d do so much you’d be surprised,

- If I could just get organized!

    - — Douglas Malloch

