---
layout: page
title: "Tao #27 Living by Your Inner Light"
subheadline: "A good man's job"
meta_teaser: "Be available; be present"
teaser: "Don't waste a good loss; its an opportunity for learning"
header:
    image_fullwidth: crop-edmundas-stundzius-180778.jpg
    caption: TAO Series
    caption_url: 
categories:
    - Tao
    - Life
    - blog
---
<!--more-->

<div class="row">
<div class="medium-4 medium-push-8 columns" markdown="1">
<div class="panel radius" markdown="1">
**Table of Contents**
{: #toc }
*  TOC
{:toc}
</div>
</div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->



<div class="medium-8 medium-pull-4 columns" markdown="1">


### TAO 27:

Tao 27

- A good traveler has no fixed plans
- and is not intent upon arriving.
- A good artist lets his intuition
- lead him wherever it wants.
- A good scientist has freed himself of concepts
- and keeps his mind open to what is.

- Thus the Master is available to all people
- and doesn't reject anyone.
- He is ready to use all situations
- and doesn't waste anything.
- This is called embodying the light.

- What is a good man but a bad man's teacher?
- What is a bad man but a good man's job?
- If you don't understand this, you will get lost,
- however intelligent you are.
- It is the great secret.

> A knower of the truth travels without leaving a trace, speaks without causing harm, gives without keeping an account. The door he shots, though having no lock, cannot be opened. The not heat eyes, though using no court, cannot be undone.


> Be wise and help all beings in partially , abandoning none. Waste no opportunities. This is called following the light.



> What is a good man but a bad man's teacher? What is a bad man but a good man's job? If the teacher is not respected and the student not cared for, confusion will arise, however clever one is. This is the great Secret.

### Practicing the Tao - today:

> Possesions are always safe - for those who live by their inner lights. No locks or safes are needed. Your origin is more from the Tao than from your parents, culture or country. Be a teacher and reach out to those so called "bad" people in you life. Reach out with nonjudging, loving kindness.
<cite>Wayne Dyer</cite>


> What do you call a singing computer? -- A Dell!
