---
layout: page
title: "Tao #20 -- Living without Striving"
subheadline: "strive on"
meta_teaser: "Let go and let God!...."
teaser: "Catch yourself striving in strenous ways and STOP!"
header:
    image_fullwidth: crop-jason-blackeye-209586.jpg
    caption: TAO Series
    caption_url: 
categories:
    - Tao
    - Life
    - blog
---
<!--more-->

<div class="row">
<div class="medium-4 medium-push-8 columns" markdown="1">
<div class="panel radius" markdown="1">
**Table of Contents**
{: #toc }
*  TOC
{:toc}
</div>
</div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->



<div class="medium-8 medium-pull-4 columns" markdown="1">


### TAO 20:

Tao Te Ching #20

- stop thinking and end your problems

- what difference between yes and no
- what difference between success and failure
- must you value what others value; avoid what others avoid; how ridiculous!

- other people are excitive as though they were at a parade, I alone don't care.

- I alone am expressionless; like an infant before it  can smile.
- Other people have what they need; I alone possess nothing.
- I alone drift about - like someone without a home.
- I am like an idiot my mind is so empty.
- Other people are bright - I alone am dark
- Other people are sharp - I alone am dull
- Other people have a purpose - I alone don't know

- I drift like a wave on the ocean - I blow as aimless as the wind.
- I am different from ordinary people - I drink from the great mothers breasts





> Give up learning and you will be free from all your cares. What is the difference between yes and no? What is the difference between good and evil?



> Must I fear what others fear? Should I fear desilucion when there is abundance? Should I fear darkness when that light is shining everywhere?



> In Spring, some go to the park and climb the terrices, but I alone am drifting, not knowing where I am. Like a newborn babe before it learns to smile, I'm alone, without a place to go.



> Most people have too much ; I alone seem to be missing something. Mine is indeed the mind of an ignoramus it is an unadulterated simplicity , I am but a guest in this world. While others Rush about to get things done, I accept what is offered. I loaned seem foolish, earning little, spending less. 



> Others people strive for fame ; I avoid the Limelight, preferring to be left alone. Indeed, I seem like an idiot ; no mind, no worries.



> I drift in a wave on the ocean . I blow as aimless as the wind.



> All men settled down in there grooves ; I alone am stubborn and remain outside . but we're in I am most different from others is in knowing to take sustenance from the great mother!

### Practicing the Tao - today:


- Catch yourself striving strenously for a future benefit and stay in the now!


> When is a door not a door? -- when its ajar!

