---
layout: page
title: "Tao #16 -- Living with Constancy"
subheadline: "Contemplate the return"
meta_teaser: "to dust we shall return"
teaser: "Keep an impartial perspective"
header:
    image_fullwidth: crop-srikanta-h-u-49271.jpg
    caption: TAO Series
    caption_url: 
categories:
    - Tao
    - Life
    - blog
---
<!--more-->

<div class="row">
<div class="medium-4 medium-push-8 columns" markdown="1">
<div class="panel radius" markdown="1">
**Table of Contents**
{: #toc }
*  TOC
{:toc}
</div>
</div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->



<div class="medium-8 medium-pull-4 columns" markdown="1">


### TAO 16

> Empty your mind of all thoughts. Let your heart be at peace. Watch the turmoil of beings, but contemplate their return. Each separate being in the universe returns to the common source. Returning to the source is serenity. If you don't realize the source, you stumble in confusion and sorrow. When you realize where you come from, you naturally become tolerant, disinterested, amused, kindhearted as a grandmother, dignified as a king. Immersed in the wonder of the Tao, you can deal with whatever life brings you, and when death comes, you are ready. 


> Become totally empty. Let your heart be at peace.  Amidst the rush of worldly comings and goings, observe how endings become beginnings.


> Things flourish, each by each, only to return to the source. To what is and to what is to be. To return to the root is to find peace. To find pieces to fulfill one's Destiny. To fulfill one's destiny is to be constant. To know the constant is called insight. Not knowing this cycle leads to the eternal disaster. 


> Knowing the constant gives perspective. This perspective is impartial. In partiality is the highest nobility, the highest nobility is divine. Being Divine, you will be at one with the Tao. Being at one with the Tao is eternal. This way is everlasting, not endangered by physical death.

### Practicing the Tao - today:

> This too shall pass. Notice the small beginnings and endings today.


> What does Spring sound like? -- Boing!!

