---
layout: page
title: "Dyer TOC"
subheadline: "TBD your original self"
meta_teaser: "Be authentic"
teaser: "dedicted to: Wayne W. Dyer"
header:
    image_fullwidth: 
    caption: TAO Series
    caption_url: 
categories:
    - Tao
    - Life
    - blog
---
<!--more-->

<div class="row">
<div class="medium-4 medium-push-8 columns" markdown="1">
<div class="panel radius" markdown="1">
**Table of Contents**
{: #toc }
*  TOC
{:toc}
</div>
</div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->



<div class="medium-8 medium-pull-4 columns" markdown="1">


### Change Your Thoughts - Change Your Life Chapter List


#### Verse Number:

- 1 Living the Mystery 2
- 2 Living the Paradoxical Unity
- 3 Living Contentment
- 4 Living Infinitely
- 5 Living Impartially
- 6 Living Creatively
- 7 Living Beyond Ego
- 8 Living in the Flow
- 9 Living Humility
- 10 Living Oneness
- 11 Living from the Void
- 12 Living with Inner Conviction
- 13 Living with an Independent Mind
- 14 Living Beyond Form
- 15 Living an Unhurried Life
- 16 Living with Constancy
- 17 Living as an Enlightened Leader
- 18 Living Without Rules
- 19 Living Without Attachment
- 20 Living Without Striving
- 21 Living the Elusive Paradox
- 22 Living with Flexibility
- 23 Living Naturally
- 24 Living Without Excess
- 25 Living from Greatness
- 26 Living Calmly
- 27 Living by Your Inner Light
- 28 Living Virtuously
- 29 Living by Natural Law
- 30 Living Without Force
- 31 Living Without Weapons
- 32 Living in the Flow
- 33 Living Self-Mastery
- 34 Living the Great Way
- 35 Living Beyond Worldly Pleasures
- 36 Living in Obscurity
- 37 Living in Simplicity
- 38 Living Within Your Own Nature
- 39 Living Wholeness
- 40 Living by Returning and Yielding
- 41 Living Beyond Appearances
- 42 Living by Melting into Harmony
- 43 Living Softly
- 44 Living by Knowing When to Stop
- 45 Living Beyond Superficialities
- 46 Living Peacefully
- 47 Living by Being
- 48 Living by Decreasing
- 49 Living Beyond Judgment
- 50 Living as an Immortal
- 51 Living by Hidden Virtue
- 52 Living by Returning to the Mother
- 53 Living Honorably
- 54 Living as If Your Life Makes a Difference
- 55 Living by Letting Go
- 56 Living by Silent Knowing
- 57 Living Without Authoritarianism
- 58 Living Untroubled by Good or Bad Fortune
- 59 Living by Thrift and Moderation
- 60 Living with Immunity to Evil
- 61 Living by Remaining Low
- 62 Living in the Treasure House of Tao
- 63 Living Without Difficulties
- 64 Living by Being Here Now
- 65 Living by Staying Simple-Hearted
- 66 Living by Emulating the Sea
- 67 Living by the Three Treasures
- 68 Living by Cooperating
- 69 Living Without Enemies
- 70 Living a God-Realized Life
- 71 Living Without Sickness
- 72 Living with Awe and Acceptance
- 73 Living in Heaven's Net
- 74 Living with No Fear of Death
- 75 Living by Demanding Little
- 76 Living by Bending
- 77 Living by Offering the Surplus 
- 78 Living like Water
- 79 Living Without Resentments
- 80 Living Your Own Utopia
- 81 Living Without Accumulating
- Epilogue
- Acknowledgments
- About the Author

> Library of Congress Subject Headings for this publication:

> Laozi. Dao de jing.

- Know the male,
- yet keep to the female:
- receive the world in your arms.
- If you receive the world,
- the Tao will never leave you
- and you will be like a little child.

- Know the white,
- yet keep to the black:
- be a pattern for the world.
- If you are a pattern for the world,
- the Tao will be strong inside you
- and there will be nothing you can't do.

- Know the personal,
- yet keep to the impersonal:
- accept the world as it is.
- If you accept the world,
- the Tao will be luminous inside you
- and you will return to your primal self.

- The world is formed from the void,
- like utensils from a block of wood.
- The Master knows the utensils,
- yet keeps to the the block:
- thus she can use all things.


> A knower of the truth travels without leaving a trace, speaks without causing harm, gives without keeping an account. The door he shots, though having no lock, cannot be opened. The not heat eyes, though using no court, cannot be undone.



> Be wise and help all beings in partially , abandoning none. Waste no opportunities. This is called following the light.



> What is a good man but a bad man's teacher? What is a bad man but a good man's job? If the teacher is not respected and the student not cared for, confusion will arise, however clever one is. This is the great Secret.

### Practicing the Tao - today:

> Play rather than work, even while you're at your job! Giggle rather than maintaining a solemn air. Be in awe for a moment or two.
<cite>Wayne Dyer</cite>


> Why did the golfers get kicked out of the library? -- Their pants were to loud!
