---
layout: page
title: "Tao #13 -- Living with an independent mind"
subheadline: "Balance your opinion of others - trust your instincts and feelings"
meta_teaser: "Love the world as yourself"
teaser: "Be your own nature"
header:
    image_fullwidth: matt-quinn-32109.jpg
    caption: TAO Series
    caption_url: 
categories:
    - Tao
    - Life
    - blog
---
<!--more-->

<div class="row">
<div class="medium-4 medium-push-8 columns" markdown="1">
<div class="panel radius" markdown="1">
**Table of Contents**
{: #toc }
*  TOC
{:toc}
</div>
</div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->



<div class="medium-8 medium-pull-4 columns" markdown="1">

## Tao Te Ching #13
- Success is as dangerous as failure.
- Hope is as hollow as fear.

- What does it mean that success is a dangerous as failure?
- Whether you go up the ladder or down it,
- you position is shaky.
- When you stand with your two feet on the ground,
- you will always keep your balance.

- What does it mean that hope is as hollow as fear?
- Hope and fear are both phantoms
- that arise from thinking of the self.
- When we don't see the self as self,
- what do we have to fear?

- See the world as your self.
- Have faith in the way things are.
- Love the world as your self;
- then you can care for all things.

> Favor and disgrace seem alarming. High-status greatly afflicts your person. Why are favor and disgrace alarming? Seeking favor is degrading, alarming when it is gotten, alarming when it is lost. 
Why does high-status greatly afflict your person? The reason we have a lot of trouble is that we have selves. If we had no selves, what trouble would we have? Man's true self is eternal, Yet he thinks, I am this body and I will soon die. If we have no body, what calamities can we have? One who sees himself as everything is fit to be guardian of the world. One who loves himself as everyone is fit to be the teacher of the world.


### Practicing the Tao - today:

- Ask yourself what is my own nature
- What others think of me is none of my business



> Your mother is so compelling; -- She invited Ted for a Mom talk!


