---
layout: page
title: "Tao #6 Living Creatively"
subheadline: " Living Creatively"
meta_teaser: "Create- "
teaser: "<em>Practice your Art </em>!"
header:
    image_fullwidth: crop-matthew-kane-94147.jpg
    caption: TAO Series
    caption_url: 
categories:
    - Tao
    - Life
    - blog
---
<!--more-->

<div class="row">
<div class="medium-4 medium-push-8 columns" markdown="1">
<div class="panel radius" markdown="1">
**Table of Contents**
{: #toc }
*  TOC
{:toc}
</div>
</div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->



<div class="medium-8 medium-pull-4 columns" markdown="1">

## Tao Te Ching #6

> The Tao is called the Great Mother:
empty yet inexhaustible;
it gives birth to infinite worlds.
It is always present within you.
You can use it any way you want.
The Tao is called the great mother. 
empty - yet inexhaustible;
it gives birth to infinite worlds.
It is always present within you.

You can use it anyway you want.


### CHAPTER 63:
> Act without doing; work without effort.
Think of the small as large and the few as many.
Confront the difficult while it is still easy;
accomplish the great task by a series of small acts.

### CHAPTER 64:
>Prevent trouble before it arises. Put things in order before they exist.
The giant pine tree grows from a tiny sprout.
The journey of a thousand miles starts from beneath your feet.

### CHAPTER 65:
> Content with an ordinary life, you can show all people the way
back to their own true nature.

### CHAPTER 66:
> All streams flow to the sea because it is lower than they are.
Humility gives it its power.

### CHAPTER 67:
> Simple in actions and in thoughts, you return to the source of being.
Patient with both friends and enemies, you accord with the way things are.
Compassionate toward yourself, you reconcile all beings in the world.

### CHAPTER 68:
> The best athlete wants his opponent at his best.
The best general enters the mind of his enemy.
The best businessman serves the communal good.
The best leader follows the will of the people.


### Practicing the Tao - today:

- Observe the unencombered nature of a baby or small child, kicking their feet with joy.


> The spirit that never dies is called The mysterious feminine. Although she comes the whole universe , her immaculate purity is never lost [in form]. Although she assumes countless forms, or true identity remains intact. The gateway to the mysterious female is called the root of creation. Listen to her voice, hear it echo through creation. Without fail, she reveals her presents. Without fail, she brings us to our own perfection. Although it is invisible, it endures, it will never end.
<cite>Wayne Dyer</cite>

> You can feel this in your life, events will take on a perfect momentum, a glorious cadence.

> What is the internal temperature of a tauntaun? --- Luke warm.
