---
layout: page
title: "Tao #23 -- Living Naturally"
subheadline: "Nature is the force"
meta_teaser: "Express yourself and then stand down"
teaser: "When the moon passes; the sun shines through"
header:
    image_fullwidth: crop-deniz-fuchidzhiev-249553.jpg
    caption: TAO Series
    caption_url: 
categories:
    - Tao
    - Life
    - blog
---
<!--more-->

<div class="row">
<div class="medium-4 medium-push-8 columns" markdown="1">
<div class="panel radius" markdown="1">
**Table of Contents**
{: #toc }
*  TOC
{:toc}
</div>
</div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->



<div class="medium-8 medium-pull-4 columns" markdown="1">


### TAO 23:

TAO 23

- Express yourself completely,
- then keep quiet.
- Be like the forces of nature:
- when it blows, there is only wind;
- when it rains, there is only rain;
- when the clouds pass, the sun shines through.

- If you open yourself to the Tao,
- you are at one with the Tao
- and you can embody it completely.
- If you open yourself to insight,
- you are at one with insight
- and you can use it completely.
- If you open yourself to loss,
- you are at one with loss
- and you can accept it completely.

- Open yourself to the Tao,
- then trust your natural responses;
- and everything will fall into place.

> To talk little is natural, Fierce winds do not blow all morning , a downpour of rain does not last the day. Who does this? Heaven and Earth.


> But these are exaggerated, forced effects, and that is why they cannot be sustained. If heaven and earth cannot sustain a forced action how much less is man able to do?



> Those who follow the way become one with the way. Those who follow goodness become one with the goodness. Those who stray from the way and goodness become one with failure. 



>If you conform to the way, it's power flows through you. Your actions become those of nature, your ways those of Heaven. Open yourself to the Tao and trust your natural responses then everything will fall into place.


### Practicing the Tao - today:


> Nature doesn't have to insist, push or force anything.
<cite> Wayne W. Dyer</cite>

- Spend an entire day noticing and appreciating nature.


> Why do dolphins make bad doubles partners? -- They are terrified of approaching the net.


